Design and implement an adaptive App
	1) Define app idea					19.11
	2) Develop adaptation concept		17.12
	3) Pitch							28.01
	4) Demonstration					28.01 - 2.02 (?)

1) Which problem?
	User's time is a resource. Our application ensures 
	that time management is done effictively be reducing 
	time consuming routine activities.

2) Who is the user?
	Homeowners with relatively large apartments.

3) Three key functions
	Remote contol over electronic devices.
	Remote reading of sensors (temperature, humidity, etc.).
	User Positioning and Tracking in purpose of automatisation.

> Must be relevant for Mobile and Ubiquitous Computing

	IoT is relevant
	
> Should address at least one of the challenges mentioned in the first lecture
	? Energy Challenge			Likely
	
		Mobile app must do as little work as possible. All heavy jobs are the server's responsibility
		
	? Offline Challenge			Maybe. Is it applicable to IoT?
		We can store A LITTLE BIT of information on the mobile device (e.g. house layout), but
			all useful information is located on the server.
			
	? Connectivity Challenge	Very likely
	
		What if the user is not at home, but still wants to control the Smart House?
		My "simple" solution: use VPN. The security is "outsourced" to an existing software.
		Industrial solution: use web-server with a public IP. Security must be ensured by the server itself.
			
	? Usability Challenge		Very likely. Applicable to any Android App
	
		Show current room on startup (based on Wi-Fi location)

		The application behavior may depend on the user role.
		e.g. For a kid the application hides functionality that is accessible for adults only 
			(e.g. Climate Control. This is fascism from my POV, 
			but as a demonstraion of concept...).

> Should use context awareness and adaptation
	? Turn on/off the lights automatically in a specific room...
	  get room temperature automatically in a specific room...
	  show specific room at the GUI startup...
	  ...based on user's location
		Location can be retrieved using Wi-Fi/Bluetooth information
		E.g. each room has it's own Wi-Fi AP. Location is a function of Wi-Fi AP SSID.
		Smarter (very difficult, overkill): Wi-Fi triangulation
	

